hey everybody today I'm going to show
you how to do the chicken coop trick
which will allow you to farm any color
egg more than once per 24 hours there
are only two requirements to do this
trick one chicken coop and what ready
chicken as illustrated in this picture
the first step is to completely empty
all of your tickets out of the coop you
need to make sure the coop is completely
empty otherwise this trick will not work
this is the longest and most annoying
thing to do there is a program called
ghost mouse I will let you record your
mouse movements and clicks so that you
can automate this process ghost mouse is
a free program to download and use the
drawback with doing this is I you need
to get this green in the same position
every time you use the trick a trick
that I use is to place a hay bale in
between the gap between your neighbors
and the tools section in the bottom bar
the next step is to make your chicken
coop ready as you can see my chicken
coop is not ready all you have to do is
add a ready chicken from outside your
coop into your empty coupe and the coop
will become ready
the last step is to add chickens back
into your cue you can use any chicken if
they are ready or not it is best to use
gold chickens to fill your cube to
maximize your chances for a gold egg
and now we get to reap our rewards for
our work we are now able to collect from
the chickens even if you do not get an
egg it is a neat trick because you do
get a large amount of coins in the end
if you repeat this process over and over
you can have a villa which costs 1
million coins in no time